Additional kubelet configuration settings (#2930)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

  See the [Roles Anywhere documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rolesanywhere/latest/userguide/credential-helper.html) for more details on the `aws_signing_helper` arguments.

> * `settings.kubernetes.disable-cpu-cfs-enforcement`: Whether to disable enforcing quotas for containers that specify CPU limits.

Reviewer: Typically we've preferred the positive form of this for settings, e.g. `enable` rather than `disable`.

It might be better to use a minor variation on the setting name, for clarity and discoverability. The goal would be to preserve the search phrase "cpu-cfs-quota" which aligns with the kubelet config:
```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.cpu-cfs-quota-enforced`: Whether CPU CFS quotas are enforced. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: I had a comment on this in the code, but I'm not seeing it now. I must have accidentally dropped it in a rebase. 

The problem that led me to make it `disable-*` is due to handlebars. Having `cpu-cfs-quota-enforced = false` is a problem since the default is that it is enforced. So needing to set it to false makes the templating a challenge with it being evaluated as "falsey".

I'll take another look, but I don't think this worked:

```
{{#if (eq settings.kubernetes.cpu-cfg-quota-enforced false)}}
enforced = false
{{/if}}
```

I'll take another shot and see if I can find a better way.

Author: Figured it out - brain got stuck on the wrong pattern. :]

* `settings.kubernetes.event-burst`: The maximum size of a burst of event creations.
* `settings.kubernetes.event-qps`: The maximum event creations per second.
* `settings.kubernetes.eviction-hard`: The signals and thresholds that trigger pod eviction.

> * `settings.kubernetes.eviction-max-grace-period`: Maximum grace period, in seconds, to wait for pod termination before soft eviction. Default is `0`.

Reviewer: Why not follow kubelet's name for the setting?

```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.eviction-max-pod-grace-period`: Maximum grace period, in seconds, to wait for pod termination before soft eviction. Default is `0`.
```

* `settings.kubernetes.eviction-soft`: The signals and thresholds that trigger pod eviction with a provided grace period.
* `settings.kubernetes.eviction-soft-grace-period`: Delay for each signal to wait for pod termination before eviction.

  Example user data for setting up eviction values:

  ```toml
  [settings.kubernetes.eviction-hard]
  "memory.available" = "15%"

  [settings.kubernetes.eviction-soft]
  "memory.available" = "12%"

  [settings.kubernetes.eviction-soft-grace-period]
  "memory.available" = "30s"

  [settings.kubernetes]
  "eviction-max-grace-period" = 40
  ```

  Remember to quote signals (since they all contain ".") and to quote all values.

> 

Reviewer: I find this sentence confusing now, since it's further away from the context of what signals are.

  Since v1.14.0 `image-gc-high-threshold-percent` and `image-gc-low-threshold-percent` can be represented as numbers.
  For example:

  ```toml
  [settings.kubernetes]
  image-gc-high-threshold-percent = 85
  image-gc-low-threshold-percent = 80
  ```

  For backward compatibility, both string and numeric representations are accepted since v1.14.0.
  Prior to v1.14.0 these needed to be represented as strings, for example:

  ```toml
  [settings.kubernetes]
  image-gc-high-threshold-percent = "85"
  image-gc-low-threshold-percent = "80"
  ```

  If you downgrade from v1.14.0 to an earlier version, and you have these values set as numbers, they will be converted to strings on downgrade.

* `settings.kubernetes.kube-api-burst`: The burst to allow while talking with kubernetes.
* `settings.kubernetes.kube-api-qps`: The QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver.
* `settings.kubernetes.log-level`: Adjust the logging verbosity of the `kubelet` process.
  The default log level is 2, with higher numbers enabling more verbose logging.

> * `settings.kubernetes.memory-manager-policy`: The memory management policy to use: `None` (default) or `Static`.

Reviewer: Let's move the documentation down closer to `reserved-memory` to group related settings together.

For alignment with `cpu-manager-policy`, I'd also prefer to document "none" and "static" as the accepted values, even if we accept and emit the upper-cased form in code + templates.

Author: I double checked, but while `cpu-manager-policy` takes `none` and `static` (must be lower case), `memory-manager-policy` takes `None` and `Static` (must be title cased). So unfortunately there's an inconsistency, but it's an upstream inconsistency. Kubelet will fail to start if either of the settings are not cased correctly.

Author: > Let's move the documentation down closer to reserved-memory to group related settings together.

All current settings are in alphabetical order. I'd kind of hate to break that for one setting. What if I just add a "see `reserved-memory` for static memory manager configuration"?

Author: > What if I just add...

Oh, I did that with the next line. Let me know if that's not enough. For now I will also add a note to `reserved-memory` to reference back to this setting.

Author: One other idea if you don't think the cross referencing is enough. It might actually be nice to prepend `memory-manager-reserved-memory`. That would allow us to keep alphabetical sorting while keep these related settings together. It would also make it clear that the `memory-manager-reserved-memory` settings are related to the `memory-manager-policy`.

Just let me know what you think.

Reviewer: > It might actually be nice to prepend memory-manager-reserved-memory. That would allow us to keep alphabetical sorting while keep these related settings together.

Yes, please - I like this idea.

Reviewer: > I double checked, but while cpu-manager-policy takes none and static (must be lower case), memory-manager-policy takes None and Static (must be title cased). So unfortunately there's an inconsistency, but it's an upstream inconsistency. Kubelet will fail to start if either of the settings are not cased correctly.

We should be able to use [serde aliases](https://serde.rs/field-attrs.html#alias) to paper over the inconsistency:
```
 #[derive(Debug, Clone, Eq, PartialEq, Hash, Serialize, Deserialize, Scalar)]
 pub enum KubernetesMemoryManagerPolicy {
+    #[serde(alias = "static")]
     Static,
+    #[serde(alias = "none")]
     None,
 }
```

And perhaps give the CPU manager policy struct the same treatment. Then they will accept both forms (`"Static"` and `"static"`) when deserializing, but the expected form will be used for all serialization.

Author: `ValidCpuManagerPolicy` has `#[serde(rename_all = "lowercase")]` - that would be functionally equivalent, right?

Reviewer: > `ValidCpuManagerPolicy` has `#[serde(rename_all = "lowercase")]` - that would be functionally equivalent, right?

That doesn't quite do the same thing - it means serde will expect the lowercase form when deserializing, and serialize into the lowercase form. Which is correct for the CPU manager policy, but not the memory manager policy.

What we want is to always serialize / deserialize into the expected form, but *also* to accept certain aliases when deserializing. So we'd need to add `Static` and `None` aliases on `ValidCpuManagerPolicy` variants (it already accepts / expects "static" and "none").

Author: Done!

  Note, when using the `Static` policy you should also set `settings.kubernetes.reserved-memory` values.
* `settings.kubernetes.pod-pids-limit`: The maximum number of processes per pod.
* `settings.kubernetes.provider-id`: This sets the unique ID of the instance that an external provider (i.e. cloudprovider) can use to identify a specific node.
* `settings.kubernetes.registry-burst`: The maximum size of bursty pulls.
* `settings.kubernetes.registry-qps`: The registry pull QPS.
* `settings.kubernetes.reserved-memory`: Used to set the total amount of reserved memory for a node.

  `reserved-memory` is set per NUMA node. For example:

  ```toml
  [settings.kubernetes]
  "memory-manager-policy" = "Static"

  [settings.kubernetes.reserved-memory.0]
  "enabled" = true
  "memory" = "674Mi"
  "hugepages-1Gi" = "1Gi"

  [settings.kubernetes.reserved-memory.1]
  "enabled" = true

>   "hugepages-2Mi" = "2148Mi"

Reviewer: Am I reading this correctly?
* first example - 1 GiB memory reserved in the form of a single 1 GiB huge page, in addition to the 674 MiB reservation
* second example - 2148 MiB memory reserved in the form of 1,074 2 MiB huge pages

If not, it might be good to add comments inline on what these settings achieve.

  ```

  **Warning:** `reserved-memory` settings are an advanced configuration and requires a clear understanding of what you are setting.
  Misconfiguration of reserved memory settings may cause the Kubernetes `kubelet` process to fail.
  It can be very difficult to recover from configuration errors.
  Use the memory reservation information from `kubectl describe node` and make sure you understand the Kubernetes documentation related to the [memory manager](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/memory-manager/) and how to [reserve compute resources for system daemons](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/).

* `settings.kubernetes.server-tls-bootstrap`: Enables or disables server certificate bootstrap. When enabled, the kubelet will request a certificate from the certificates.k8s.io API. This requires an approver to approve the certificate signing requests (CSR). Defaults to `true`.
* `settings.kubernetes.shutdown-grace-period`: Delay the node should wait for pod termination before shutdown. Default is `0s`.

> * `settings.kubernetes.shutdown-critical-pod-grace-period`: The portion of the shutdown delay that should be dedicated to critical pod shutdown. Default is `0s`.

Reviewer: Maybe one of these instead? The goal would be to avoid breaking up the search phrase "shutdown grace period".

```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.shutdown-grace-period-for-critical-pods`: The portion of the shutdown delay that should be dedicated to critical pod shutdown. Default is `0s`.
```

```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.critical-pod-shutdown-grace-period`: The portion of the shutdown delay that should be dedicated to critical pod shutdown. Default is `0s`.
```

(I have a slight preference for the first.)
